[Music]
strictly so far has been the best thing
I've ever done
just learning to dance is so much fun
and hard work but also so rewarding as a
child I always watch different youtubers
and when I was fifteen I decided to
start my own little channel hey I never
in a million dreams thought that I would
have as many followers as I do
everything that I do they're there to
support me and they always just have the
kindest things to say gorgeous I have a
lot of young girls follow me
I saw a responsibility to be a role
model I'm very lucky I have such a big
family I have my two brothers two sets
of grandparents I'm everything I am
because of my family my nan supports me
every single thing that I do
she means absolutely everything to me
and I just want her to know that when we
heard stuff is going to be on Strictly
well I could not believe it
[Music]
I mean she'd always been a very loving
child always so caring so this week AJ
and I are doing contemporary to one of
your favorite songs Celine Dion
percussions of me
[Music]
I honestly can't imagine life without my
like to be honest he has the biggest
heart and she means so much to me okay
I'm so proud of saffron what she's
achieved I really can't put it into
words absolutely amazing I really want
to make this dance the best that I can
and just do mine and really really proud
this one's for you none
today couples choice and
[Applause]
[Music]
that was beautiful stomach the lifts yes
but she's so proud of you how are you
feeling after that motsi I'm also proud
of her I think really honestly every
time somebody dances and shows
vulnerability and if it's a sign maybe
of not being strong but I think it's
such a strength and I love the strength
in your body right now I left the points
there was so beautiful your spins were
so beautiful
he picked you up and you kept that
friend that was also beautiful place and
on top of that you put the emotion into
motion thank you so much I enjoyed that
I think that you've creates a beautiful
memories for millions of people out
there today your music choice was just
simply divine you executed it for your
nanny and you did an amazing job you
were on your feet normally have a few
little balance issues I wasn't aware of
that today because I think your heart
your soul every pore of your body was
into balancing and giving back to AJ and
AJ giving to you so there really was a
strong connection there beautiful music
Joyce means a lot to so many out there
well done
[Applause]
what they were so finely tuned to each
other they were dancing on the same
breath if you're a dancer you know what
what I mean
every emotion and every expression can
be matched absolutely we're like mirror
images like I'm in expressing so
beautifully thank you for a fantastic
performance my god I think you could
have gone a little bit further I think
the basic structure of it is there with
a permeate it's about extension and
really extending the ideas in in
contemporary you have to be a little bit
more over-the-top actually and
especially if you're doing something to
someone's face know if you're going to
go there you really need to go oh I
don't felt like it was a little bit
mechanical in some of those bets I loved
it however I think there's a lot of good
in it the arabesque leap my darling who
knew you could do that I mean there was
some really really good dance
[Applause]
so really most of us were crying up here
just so you know was it lovely having
your man just there or did it make it
quite hard to sort of lock into the
dance well I couldn't watch the VT so
just what I cried but yeah haven't heard
there was just the best thing both my
grandparents my granddad and my nan yeah
must have been lovely and most people
when they do their Lister like don't
miss me I'm scared but I was marching on
the training you quite liked you would
like to pick me up oh I love being
thrown in the air it's like the best
part
do it now don't the scores are it the
judges scores are evil Creek Revel
Horwood seven
[Applause]
I couldn't agree more head judge
[Music]